no
the Rossoneri coach once again set the weather
for the 71 72 season in addition to the championship and the Italian cup returns
the commitment to the rofeo
the Milan takes part in the first edition of the UEFA competition cup
which has replaced the fair cup since this season
giovanni trapattoni after 13 years the milan shell
from the shape is bought albertino bigon a half tip of photine quality
great vision of the game and good feeling with the force at the end of the season is
he the Prince of the Rossoneri world with 19 goals
milan in the league and second despite only four hey defeats
17 goals conceded
in the uefa cup the Rossoneri reach the semi-final lost but against the
totano english
ends with a triumphant bike ride through the cup that you see in Milan
he defeated Napoli in the final by 2 to 0
proxy
photo fun
this spectacular pregnancy network
refurbished, simone - my baby baby tv justin not renew the contracts on
punishment of rivera
crime - from below.
you
morfeo
second single from britney writes first series of signatures for the day
among other things, the Milan had replaced injured rosé in the first minutes
of competition
after the goal by zanetti the game seems decided by now
the referee gives a free kick from the edge
riviera touched. to live that is celebrated by taking advantage of the
milan
along with the fourteenth minute
and from this moment of success of the Rossoneri is no longer with a smile
came the third goal came from a shot of benetti changed by the
giovanna
milan lend if one
32nd vanzago lines parasecoli right and leg of di confas with the letter e
almost mignani
milan 1 juventus
Street
thank you
temple of the AC Milan midfielder from the church and hyenas
the plot to escape training by rolling on the net
understandable gesturist they suggest
welcome in the afternoon. lottery draws of the true savior Iacolin
the rearguard finds itself in rate libido
you sixteenth nokia imminent in the second goal with the complicity of
sant'egidio of the summer solstice
surreal story
those two enter Turin state road
Panna pizza among the best in the field responds with a miraculous one to tell you one
open hand passed out after the next vigonza entry and puts in
net the task of shooting was entrusted benetti that he was targeting with one
great blow
psp edition of and opposite sign. decisive supertettona incedibili tv is
this is the first goal of the season that the minister signs in the league to san
Syrian
lost 2 to 0 was marked of the village almost among the indifference of cooked pears
finally he carries the signatures division of a nice shot his from the edge of the area
nothing else to report xenon a torrential faction
despite this success in terms of juve it always remains two points
I do not withdraw September 16th hope of a slide by the Bianconeri
20 cents from bigonda golin jumping hat that got into it
10 euro header for two-way traffic milan 1 juventus 0
part time